cv/index.md, before:

+++
title = "Curriculum Vitae"
+++

~~~
<main class="post">
~~~

~~~
<h1><a href="{{ get_url }}">{{ fill title }}</a></h1>
~~~

## Education

\newcommand{\spacedright}[1]{
  ~~~
  <span style="float:right">
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; #1
  </span>
  ~~~
}

- **PhD in Machine Learning**
  \spacedright{2020 - now}\\
  University of Tübingen
- **MSc Data Engineering and Analytics**
  \spacedright{2018 - 2019}\\
  Technical University of Munich
- **MSc Mathematics**
  \spacedright{2016 - 2018}\\
  Technical University of Munich
- **BSc Mathematics**
  \spacedright{2012 - 2016}\\
  Technical University of Munich


## Teaching
- Seminar: *Machine Learning for and with Dynamical Systems*
  \spacedright{2021}\\
  University of Tübingen
- Teaching Assistant: *Time Series*
  \spacedright{2021}\\
  University of Tübingen
- Teaching Assistant: *Principles of Mathematics 2*
  \spacedright{2017}\\
  Technical University of Munich
- Course Instructor for a five-day A-level preparation course
  \spacedright{2016 & 2017}\\
  abiturma GbR



~~~
</main>
~~~

Commit message:

Add more teaching that I did

cv/index.md, after:

+++
title = "Curriculum Vitae"
+++

~~~
<main class="post">
~~~

~~~
<h1><a href="{{ get_url }}">{{ fill title }}</a></h1>
~~~

## Education

\newcommand{\spacedright}[1]{
  ~~~
  <span style="float:right">
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; #1
  </span>
  ~~~
}

- **PhD in Machine Learning**
  \spacedright{2020 - now}\\
  University of Tübingen
- **MSc Data Engineering and Analytics**
  \spacedright{2018 - 2019}\\
  Technical University of Munich
- **MSc Mathematics**
  \spacedright{2016 - 2018}\\
  Technical University of Munich
- **BSc Mathematics**
  \spacedright{2012 - 2016}\\
  Technical University of Munich


## Teaching
- Co-Lecturer: *Numerics of Machine Learning*
  \spacedright{2022}\\
  University of Tübingen
- Teaching Assistant: *Data Literacy*
  \spacedright{2021}\\
  University of Tübingen
- Seminar: *Machine Learning for and with Dynamical Systems*
  \spacedright{2021}\\
  University of Tübingen
- Teaching Assistant: *Time Series*
  \spacedright{2021}\\
  University of Tübingen
- Teaching Assistant: *Principles of Mathematics 2*
  \spacedright{2017}\\
  Technical University of Munich
- Course Instructor for a five-day A-level preparation course
  \spacedright{2016 & 2017}\\
  abiturma GbR



~~~
</main>
~~~
